it's a pleasure for me today to be able
show us a little of my life and
show you a little of my career
I'm paying a visit to an athlete
who advised that it is larissa de reis here
In Las Vegas
we check the view very well
two
Larisa has a lot of coaches and
it's the best you can do because you can not
When it comes to Spain it is clear with
who will train when he needs and
I was stuck and I started a
person once my this trip
we are here now in las vegas is for
that
here in las vegas riding the with
larissa race a privilege
my first objective was to work for the
muscular magazine of belo men I was two
years working for it and after
those two years we decided to bring the
publication for Spain that is already a
reality
is a magazine that sells a lot in
us all the professionals are
within what is its content and all
the first line coaches
they write their articles for good
that all of us can learn and
keep seeing what is the trajectory
of each of the professional athletes
I am a coach I am an expert in
high performance nutrition
I have a nutrition technique
focused with a training system
we review what she is doing
initially and I see that we can improve it
and pick up a little what is the
information
the diet and I started